10.Git rebase Vs Git merge
Merge
Rebase
Merge lets you merge different Git branches.

Rebase allows you to integrate the changes from one branch into another.

Merge logs show you the complete history of commit merging.

Rebase logs are linear. As the commits are rebased, the history is altered to reflect this.

All the commits on a feature branch are combined into a single commit on the master branch.

All commits are rebased, and the same number of commits are added to the master branch.

Merge is best used when the target branch is supposed to be shared.

Rebase is best used when the target branch is private.

Merge preserves history.

Rebase rewrites history.

how will you know in git if a branch has already been merged into master?
To know if a branch is already merged into the master, first, open the Git repository and try to merge the branch.
As a result, either the “Already up to date” message will appear, which means the branch is already 
merged into the master. You can also view a graph to view branches merged into the master.

You accidentally committed on the master branch instead of feature. Describe the process of correcting this mistake?
So, you have two problems:

you can’t publish your work, because the server will reject a push to master
you have diverged from the central repo’s master branch, which will cause issues the next time you try to pull
You need to do two things to fix it:

move your commit to a new branch
restore your master to it’s previous state
This can be done in 3 simple steps.
first: we create new branch as name of feature.
Second:git reset --soft origin/master
Third: Git checkout feature

How can you undo a commit that has already been pushed to a shared branch on a remote repository?
first:correcth the mistake in new commit.Simply remove or fix the bad file in a new commit and push it to the remote repository. 
This is the most natural way to fix an error, always safe and totally non-destructive, and how you should do it 99% of the time. 
SEcond:Revert the full commit Git revert with commit id.
	
you have accidentally deleted a branch. Is there any way to recover it and bring it back?
